Update contributing guide using OWNER_ALIASES (#254)
red-hat-data-services/odh-deployer: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Sign off your commit using the -s, --signoff option. Write a good commit message (see [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/))
- Push your changes
- Send a PR to odh-deployer using GitHub's web interface
- We are using the tide plugin (Openshift CI), so please follow the next steps
- Be sure that you got a `/lgtm` tag from a reviewer and a `/approved` tag from an approver (see [the OWNERS file of the repo](https://github.com/red-hat-data-services/odh-deployer/blob/main/OWNERS))

> - When your PR is ready to be tested comment a Quality Engineer using the label '/cc qe_github_user'. Here is a list with QE contacts [pablofelix, tarukumar]. When the test is done you should get an `qe-approved` tag

Reviewer: Slightly awkward wording....maybe something like this...
"When your PR is ready to be tested, indicate so by adding `/cc qe_github_user` in a comment".  This will summon a Quality Engineer............

- Sign off your commit using the -s, --signoff option. Write a good commit message (see [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/))
- Push your changes
- Send a PR to odh-deployer using GitHub's web interface

> - We are using the tide plugin (Openshift CI), so please follow the next steps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We are using OpenShift CI to control merges to the deployer repository. PRs will automatically be merged when the following conditions are met
```

> - Be sure that you got a `/lgtm` tag from a reviewer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A `lgtm` label has been added by a reviewer
```

> - An `/approved` tag from an approver

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An `approved` label has been added by an approver
```

> - And finaly when the PR has been tested from a QE, you should get an `qe-approved` tag (see [the OWNERS_ALIASES file of the repo](https://github.com/red-hat-data-services/odh-deployer/blob/main/OWNERS_ALIASES))

Reviewer 2: I'd add a sub point here saying that QE can use the `/label qe-approved` command to add their label too

> - And finaly when the PR has been tested from a QE, you should get an `qe-approved` tag (see [the OWNERS_ALIASES file of the repo](https://github.com/red-hat-data-services/odh-deployer/blob/main/OWNERS_ALIASES))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  A `qe-approved` label has been added by a QE member
```

> - Your PR is ready to be auto-merged

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The [OWNERS_ALIASES](https://github.com/red-hat-data-services/odh-deployer/blob/main/OWNERS_ALIASES)  file of the repository has a list of the people who can review, approve, and qe-approve PRs.
```

- Sign off your commit using the -s, --signoff option. Write a good commit message (see [How to Write a Git Commit Message](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/))
- Push your changes
- Send a PR to odh-deployer using GitHub's web interface
- We are using OpenShift CI to control merges to the deployer repository. PRs will automatically be merged when the following conditions are met
- A `lgtm` label has been added by a reviewer
- An `approved` label has been added by an approver
- A `qe-approved` label has been added by a QE member

> - The [OWNERS_ALIASES](https://github.com/red-hat-data-services/odh-deployer/blob/main/OWNERS_ALIASES) file of the repository has a list of the people who can review, approve, and qe-approve PRs.

Reviewer 3: Can you indent 2nd level items? 

- We are using OpenShift CI to control merges to the deployer repository. PRs will automatically be merged when the following conditions are met:
  - Item 1
  - Item 2
  - Item 3
  - etc

Author: Thanks for noticing that, looks better now.
